Tidy up since move to Concourse (#670)
alphagov/notifications-utils: README.md

# GOV.UK Notify - notifications-utils

> Shared python code for GOV.UK Notify, such as logging utils etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shared Python code for GOV.UK Notify applications. Standardises how to do logging, rendering message templates, parsing spreadsheets, talking to external services and more.
```
